box: fix the comparison in the functions cache (#9427)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9426-func-cache.md

## bugfix/box

> * Fixed a very rare bug when a function drop entered an inconsistent state of
>   the database (gh-9426).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a very rare bug when a function deletion could cause
  an inconsistent state of the database (gh-9426).
```
